Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Answer it.
- Hello?
- Mr. Burroughs.
My name is Detective Wayne Semsey.
Is Warden Mackenzie okay?
Tell them to back off.
pull the spike strip.
or I'm gonna shoot him in the head.
Confirmed. Suspect is armed
with a handgun on the hostage.
Listen to me. David.
We can figure this out. all right--?
Shut up! You're not listening! Drive!
Suspect approaching
200 yards out. please advise.
Listen to me. David. David--
Pull the strip.
or I'll put a bullet in his head!
Please. David. don't do this!
- Pull the strip!
- A hundred yards.
Pull the goddamn strip!
Goddamn it. I'm gonna kill him!
Pull the strip!
- Fifty.
- Pull the strip!
Now what?
I'm open to suggestions.
Burroughs's case
made national news five years ago
when he was tried and convicted
for the murder of his three-year-old son.
Matthew Burroughs.
The nation had trouble reconciling
how a man could bludgeon
his own son to death
with a baseball bat as he slept.
So where is David Burroughs now?
Hello?
Rachel. it's David.
David. What the hell is going on?
I didn't mean to drag you into this.
but I need your help.
Hey!
Hello. Theodore.
I hear Burroughs flew the coop.
Listen to me. you piece of shit.
You tell them I'm out.
Out?
You were supposed to kill him.
and now he's a free man.
-This wasn't my fault!
-Of course it was.
But that's not your real problem.
Your real problem is
you've been taking their money for years.
I will pay them back. All of it.
Even if you could.
money leaves a trail.
You. Teddy. you're a loose end.
My advice? Take a page from Burroughs.
Run. Teddy. Run.
David. glad you called back.
No. no. shut up. all right?
Tell the cops to back off.
-And lose the chopper.
-I will. Just remain calm. David.
They're turning
into the Greenville Outlet Mall.
They entered the parking garage.
We've lost visual.
David. we don't want to involve
innocent people here. right?
We have visual again.
They've left the garage
and are back on the road.
I told you to pull the chopper!
Let the warden go. David.
Not until you pull the chopper!
You let the warden go.
and I'll pull the chopper.
They're slowing down.
Repeat. they're slowing down.
The truck has stopped.
but the hostage is still inside.
- Officers in position.
- Go! Go!
Out of the truck! Out of the truck!
Show me your hands!
Go. go!
- Suspect is not in the truck.
- David!
What the hell is going on. David?
Come on. David. Talk--
Holy shit.
It's fine. Just drive.
-I am driving. This is driving.
-Okay.
Just. when did you decide
to break out of prison?
Kinda just happened.
Kinda just happened?
That doesn't really… Okay.
You have a plan. right?
-David.
-I do. but you're not gonna like it.
Oh. Jesus.
I'm aiding and abetting a fugitive.
I mean. how much worse can it get?
Rachel. you need to turn around.
Back to where the cops are?
Rachel. you got to trust me. Turn around.
♪ I was born♪
♪In a crossfire hurricane… ♪
Special Agent Williams.
Nice job on the Galvin case.
Thanks.
I'm Simmons. by the way.
I know.
We actually studied
a few of your cases at Quantico.
It's a real honor to be working for you.
Anything else?
Chopra's looking for you.
Maybe lead with that next time.
♪ It's a gas. gas. gas ♪
Damn it.
Got a second?
Before you say anything.
I followed protocol
commandeering that Mercedes
no matter what that TikTok video
makes it look like.
That's not why I'm here.
Okay. um. then you can
forget what I just said.
There's an opening
to lead the FTF out of Seattle.
I know the agent in charge.
I'd like to recommend you for the job.
Okay.
I expected a little more enthusiasm.
I-I am enthused. obviously. It's just…
You caught me off guard.
I always imagined
taking over here one day.
You really think the great Max Williams
is ever gonna retire?
No.
Listen. you are a good agent.
But that's not enough.
You need someone in your corner.
But if I'm gonna go out on a limb.
I need to know you're ready.
That you want this.
I'm ready.
I want this.
Good.
Grab your stuff.
-What's going on?
-David Burroughs just escaped from Briggs.
All right. everybody on me!
Details are still coming in.
but we do know that Burroughs kidnapped
the warden before disappearing on his own.
He's armed. Very dangerous.
Been on the run for about an hour.
What was this guy in for?
-You're not from Boston. are you?
-No. why?
Guy beat his own child to death
with a baseball bat five years ago.
Prep packets are on board.
Flight time is one hour.
I want everyone up to speed
by the time we touch down.
Not you.
What were you and Julie talking about?
That stupid TikTok video.
Agent Williams.
What? No. No.
Keep them separated.
We'll be there in an hour.
Apparently. the warden's son
was found tied up in his office.
-What?
-Yeah. it gets better.
That's where Burroughs got the uniform.
The warden's son is a cop?
From Revere.
I want to know everything there is to know
about these Mackenzies before we land.
I'm on scene
at Briggs Penitentiary
where just this morning.
inmate David Burroughs
took the warden hostage
and escaped through these very gates.
Now. I can tell you that the warden
has since been released. however…
I need to call Philip.
Rachel. what the hell is going on?
You need to call me back. Please.
Hey. sweetheart. I just heard.
They're saying he took the warden hostage.
Are you okay?
No. Rachel was there.
-Where?
-Briggs.
She called me yesterday.
said she was visiting him.
This Wesson guy tried to kill you.
You sure going to his house
is a good idea?
He knows who has Matthew.
You talk to your editor?
Yeah. he's working on
getting us an address.
You trust him?
Jim? Yeah.
Before you turned us
into Bonnie and Clyde.
he was looking into Hilde Winslow for me.
Turns out. after your trial.
she changed her name. sold her house.
and basically disappeared.
-Disappeared?
-Yeah.
He was able to dig up a PO box
in New York under her new name.
Okay.
Hey. let me…
It's okay. All these years.
I should've done something.
I'm sorry.
Hey. you're here now.
You know Bonnie and Clyde died. right?
Jim's got Wesson's address.
He lives less than ten miles from here.
Hello.
And I can explain.
You leave my family out of this!
They have nothing to do with it!
I'll do whatever you say.
Okay.
You have my word.
Hey. change of plans. uh. change of plans.
You guys are gonna go up ahead.
and I will catch up later.
You said that we were gonna go together.
What's going on. Teddy?
Nothing. It's…
You gotta trust me on this.
Um. you take Lisa.
you go to your sister's.
-I love you.
You be good for your mom. hmm?
Why are you crying?
Because I'm gonna…
Because I'm gonna miss you.
But you'll be there before bedtime. right?
We have to finishHarry Potter.
I would like nothing more.
I love you. Bug.
Briggs Penitentiary.
where just this morning…
We have everyone in the state
looking for him. We'll find him.
They've done a really good job so far.
Yeah. we're already here.
Might as well poke around a little.
This is Deputy Warden Ralph Hitchens.
He can answer
any of your operational questions.
I'm gonna need
all visitor logs for Burroughs.
plus a list of family. friends.
former inmates he might have crossed with.
He's gonna need help on the outside.
-I'm on it.
-So you say there's video?
Yeah. Right here.
They entered
the parking garage. We've lost visual.
We have visual again. They've left
the garage and are back on the road.
Where are the warden
and his son right now?
Being checked out
in the infirmary.
Did the warden explain to you why he kept
driving if he was no longer a hostage?
He said if he didn't. Burroughs would
start killing people at the mall.
We searched the garage.
but we're not sure how he got out.
Any reports of stolen cars from
the garage or carjackings in the area?
No.
Do the math.
Someone picked him up.
So you guys think he had an accomplice?
Oh. he had more than one.
Bring in the warden and his son.
Right.
Any of this adding up for you?
Not even a little.
Burroughs is a model prisoner.
He hasn't had a single
incident report in five years.
and then all of a sudden.
in the last three days.
he nearly beats an inmate to death.
tries to kill a guard. and escapes?
So what happened
three days ago?
-Warden Mackenzie.
-Yeah.
Agent Williams. Agent Greer.
Oh. yeah? Nice to meet you.
-This is my son. Adam.
-Sounds like you had a hell of a morning.
You can say that again.
Well. we just gotta go over a few things.
Of course. Happy to help.
Hmm. Detective Semsey was kind enough
to give us your version of the events.
Our version?
How exactly
did David Burroughs get your gun?
Uh. the inmate caught me off guard.
Inmate? That's how you refer to him?
- Excuse me?
- Never mind that.
We'll come back to it.
So. after the inmate caught you off guard.
you just stripped down
and handed your uniform over.
Uh. he had my gun.
What was I supposed to do?
And was Burroughs handcuffed
during all of this. Officer Mackenzie?
Yes.
-And it's Sergeant Mackenzie.
-Oh. Sergeant.
-You hear that. Sarah?
-I sure did.
I guess they'll promote anybody
over at BPD.
I guess so.
Even a guy who's so inept.
he allowed a handcuffed inmate
to reach into his jacket.
unsnap his holster.
and pull out his pistol.
You sure that's the statement
you want to stick with. Sergeant?
Are you questioning my integrity?
-What?
-You heard what I said.
Take it easy. tiger.
How about you. Warden?
Who do you think picked up Burroughs
after you dropped him off at the mall?
Dropped him off?
The inmate had a gun to my head.
Told me to let him out. so I did.
End of story.
Yeah. there goes that word again.
"Inmate."
You and David's father. Lenny.
worked Robbery-Homicide for 20 years.
Adam and David grew up together.
You were family.
Doesn't mean we helped.
In fact. that's probably--
You know what? You're right.
That's probably how Burroughs got the jump
on childhood best friend here.
while you agreed to chauffeur.
Quit talking to me like
I'm a goddamn idiot. Who picked him up?
I think we're done talking
without a lawyer.
Agent Greer.
Thank you.
What do you got there.
Agent Greer?
-Visitor logs for David Burroughs.
-Oh.
Anything interesting in there?
I'd say so.
Burroughs hasn't had a single visitor
for five years.
but guess who showed up
three days ago before he escaped?
Who?
Rachel Mills. His ex-sister-in-law.
You don't say.
Think we can get a BOLO out
on Rachel Mills?
Mm-hmm.
Looks like you and Sonny Boy
are gonna need that lawyer.
We'll be at Wesson's in a few minutes.
She's probably seen this
on the news by now.
You know what?
I'm gonna power down anyway.
The police can ping cell towers.
Did you tell her about Matthew?
I tried.
Didn't go well.
-Rachel…
-I know.
It's not that simple.
After Matthew…
I wasn't sure she'd be able
to put the pieces back together again.
She finally has.
So she's happy?
Yeah.
She's remarried.
They're expecting a baby girl soon.
I'm in charge of the baby shower.
I mean. I'm not in charge. in charge.
I'm more like a puppet dictator
quashing the dissidents
who question the canapé selection.
There's this one lady who keeps
wanting to cap the gift registry.
I'm gonna shut up now.
She always wanted a girl.
Show us the footage
from Rachel Mills's visit.
Two visits. two video files.
Here's the first one.
Huh. that's weird.
The video player won't open the file.
I can see that. Why?
No idea. It's never happened before.
Let me try the other one.
What the--
-Hey. you can't just grab--
-All right.
If the file is corrupt.
we might be able to repair it with a VLC.
We just need to rename it as an AVI file.
set preferences. and reopen.
Shit. The files aren't corrupt.
They were erased
a few hours before we got here.
Don't look at me. I took one online class
to learn the system. One.
-Who's had access to the files?
-Any officer can access them.
That narrows it down.
Who escorted Burroughs down here?
Officer Wesson.
The same Ted Wesson
that Burroughs attacked last night?
Yeah.
-Where's Officer Wesson now?
-He went home this morning.
Go to Officer Wesson's house
and drag his ass back here.
There's no car out front.
Maybe he's not home.
Do you know if he has a family?
He's married. He has a daughter.
He told you he has a kid?
I mean. in the context of it. he never
beat her to death with a baseball bat.
Jesus.
David. if his daughter's inside--
He worked for the people who took Matthew.
He made his bed.
Hey.
I didn't sign up for that.
Do we understand each other?
Keep straight. You're almost there.
Yes. ma'am.
Simmons. you call me ma'am one more time.
I'm gonna toss your ass out this car.
You understand?
-Don't move. asshole!
-Okay.
-You put the gun down. Do it now!
-Okay. yeah. okay. Easy.
Slowly.
Easy. easy. Okay?
Turn around.
Burroughs.
What the hell are you doing here?
The people who ordered you to kill me.
-Do you know who they are?
-I have no idea.
And I wish I had killed you because
if I had. I wouldn't be in this mess.
You know where my son is?
All I know is they've been watching you
since the day you arrived.
And I was just supposed
to keep an eye on you. I was…
I was supposed to babysit a child killer.
And then your goddamn sister-in-law
shows up with that goddamn photograph.
-And they want you dead.
-Is my son alive?
I don't know. I am just doing
what they're telling me to do.
How do you contact them?
-Call them.
-I can't do that.
-Yeah. you can.
-I can't. I need to protect my family!
Look. you don't have to do this.
Please. listen.
It's too late.
-You can help me find my son.
-It's too late.
I'm a loose end. and you have no idea
the reach these people have.
-You never should've come here. Burroughs.
-What?
David.
He shot himself.
Make a left. right here.
7025.
David. we have to go.
Come on. Let's go. Come on.
Ted Wesson!
He's gone. Call it in.
Damn it!
-Why did he do that?
-They threatened his family.
So he shot himself?
To protect them.
Did he tell you who has Matthew?
No.
They're covering their tracks.
We gotta find Hilde Winslow
before they do.
I want everything boxed and inventoried.
Yes. sir.
What time did Wesson take Burroughs
to the infirmary last night?
Not sure.
He forgot to sign him out.
Forgot?
It happens.
Right.
Psst. Hey.
Did you happen to see Officer Wesson
take David Burroughs
to the infirmary last night?
I might have.
I got trouble remembering things.
Anything I can do to help jog your memory?
Burroughs… has a flashlight.
For reading after lights out.
Can you get it for me?
Come on. man. you know how this works.
Depends on what you saw.
Wesson came for him
in the middle of the night.
Which is strange. but not unheard of.
But then he opens up his cell
with his emergency key.
Instead of having the shift guard
buzz him in from the panel.
Exactly. Now why would he do that
unless things wasn't on the up and up?
You know what I'm saying?
Let me get you that flashlight.
Hey. you on your way
back here with Wesson?
No.
-What do you mean no? Why not?
-Because he's dead.
He-- What?
How?
Single gunshot wound to the head.
-Do we know who shot him?
-Have to wait for the ME and GSR.
But a neighbor saw a man
matching David Burroughs's description
enter the home minutes
before hearing a shot.
You gotta be shitting me.
And he wasn't alone.
Drove off with a woman.
Rachel Mills.
Any chance we can get them
before they hit the back roads?
APB's out there. but our team
is spread across a 200-mile perimeter.
No one thought he'd be
crazy enough to come back here.
Yeah.
Why would he risk coming back
just to kill Wesson?
I'll dig into Wesson
and see what I can find.
How long to New York?
Couple hours.
You okay?
You sure?
Yeah. It's just intense.
What Wesson did.
Hit a little close to home.
Yeah. how so?
Mackenzie didn't tell you
how I was fired fromThe Globe.did he?
No.
I was investigating a series
of sexual assaults at Lemhall University.
The faculty and a bunch
of powerful boosters
were trying to sweep it all under the rug.
One of the victims was this junior
named Catherine Tullo.
who didn't want to come forward.
You know? She didn't want to face
the scrutiny of victim-blaming.
But I-I pushed her.
I really pushed.
Until she agreed to go on the record.
Um…
And the night before
we were supposed to meet.
Catherine took her own life.
I pushed her too hard.
It was…
All I could see was the story.
You can't blame yourself.
Her parents did.
They suedThe Globe
for wrongful death. and I lost my job.
They lost their daughter.
You're a good person. Rachel.
Even if you're
aiding and abetting a fugitive.
Where'd that come from?
It's Wesson's.
Mr. Burroughs. I presume?
-Who's this?
-I heard you paid Officer Wesson a visit.
The police think you killed him.
That should speed
your capture along nicely.
-Where's Matthew?
-Oh. David.
Your son died five years ago.
You beat him to death. remember?
I'm gonna find you.
Even if you did. it wouldn't matter.
The fact you think it would
shows how naive you are.
How little you understand
what you are up against.
I'm coming for my son.
I'm coming for Matthew.
Looks like
there won't be any opportunity for rain.
The next time you're probably gonna
need your rain gear will be Friday.
And in the city. we might have rain…
Still nothing on the local news
about your escape.
So where's Hilde's PO box?
Midtown.
Doesn't open until 9:00 a.m.
So we need a place to crash.
I guess we sleep in the car.
Maybe not. Do you remember Hayden?
Yeah.
What are you thinking?
I'm thinking we need a burner phone.
You okay?
Yeah. it's-- It's just a bit much.
You know. I… kind of forgot
what real life looks like.
To be fair. I just saw a woman's dog
wearing a Gucci sweater.
so real life might be a stretch.
Oh. there's a kiosk.
Hey. Can I get a prepaid phone. please?
And finally.
we have Hendrick Sorgh'sA Kitchen.
Shall we start the bidding at $500.000?
$500.000. $550.000.
$600.000.
$650.000.
$700.000.
$800.000.
1.5.
$1.5 million.
Going once.
Twice.
Sold.
- Hayden.
- Rachel.
It's good to hear from you.
Hey. I should have called you
a long time ago. um…
AfterThe Globe.
I know I sort of disappeared.
No. no. no. No apologies necessary.
Hey. listen. I'm in Boston right now.
How about. uh. we get a drink. catch up?
You know. I wish I could.
I'm actually in New York.
which is the reason I'm calling.
Why do I feel a favor coming on?
Yeah. it's a crazy story.
I had my purse stolen.
and without my ID and my credit card.
I can't check into my hotel.
So. I know this is a big ask.
but is there any way
I could stay at your place
just for the night?
Yeah. of course.
Hey. look. I'll come down tomorrow
and we'll grab a bite.
You know. I'd love that. but I'm just
here literally just for the night.
Um. but maybe another time?
I'm gonna hold you to it.
Um…
I'll have the spare keys left
at the front desk for you.
-Thank you. Hayden.
-Yeah. anytime.
And hey. Rachel. it's…
-It's really good to hear from you.
-Yeah. you too.
Bye.
Hey. we're all set.
Yeah.
All right. thanks. Chopra.
No sign of him.
Thanks.
So. I was doing some digging into Wesson.
and I found something odd.
He's been getting $1.000 a month
for the last five years
from this company called REH Holdings.
Sounds like a shell company.
Mm-hmm. It's registered in the Caymans.
It's untraceable even for us.
Hmm.
The payments started the month
that Burroughs arrived at Briggs.
You think someone's paying
to keep tabs on him?
I'm saying the timing lines up.
You know. you might be right about that.
Don't hear that often.
I talked to the inmate
next to Burroughs's cell.
Mm-hmm.
He told me Wesson came and got him out
of his cell in the middle of the night.
But he used his emergency key
to open the cell door
instead of getting it buzzed open.
He wanted it off the books.
What if Wesson tried to kill Burroughs
last night and not the other way around?
Maybe Burroughs decides to hang around
and settle the score.
Yeah. definitely possible.
But it doesn't say anything
about where he's going next.
I don't suppose this inmate of yours
told you where he was headed?
No.
Goddamn it. I promised the guy
I'd get him Burroughs's flashlight.
Well…
What?
Briggs sent over the inventory list
from Burroughs's cell a couple hours ago.
There's no flashlight on this list.
We toss the cell every week.
If he's hiding something.
it's a surprise to me.
Let's start with the mattress.
Here we go.
Huh.
What is it?
It's his son's case file.
Hey. He circled this name.
Hilde Winslow.
That's the witness
who saw him bury the bat.
Her testimony helped put him away.
If he killed Wesson to settle the score.
she might be next.
Yeah. it's a lot. right?
Empty fridge.
As usual. nothing.
I'm gonna pop out to the bodega and see
if I can scrounge something up for dinner.
You good?
Matthew's out there.
Somewhere.
Be right back.
Nothing on David getting caught.
Should've never
gotten you involved in any of this.
A little late for that. old man.
I'm serious. Adam.
They could take your shield.
At the very least.
they're gonna suspend you.
I know.
Adam.
It's David. He's family.
Did he tell you
who he thought was behind this?
No.
You gonna be okay in my guest room?
Where are you going?
Uh. I got something to take care of.
At this hour?
I'll see you later. Pops.
Hey. I'm back.
I borrowed some clothes.
-I hope that's okay.
-Of course.
And we have breaking news.
Convicted child killer David Burroughs
escaped Briggs Penitentiary
earlier this morning.
Police are still
on the hunt for Burroughs.
whose whereabouts remain unknown.
In a news conference this evening…
Don't look at that.
…their search has widened…
Bodega dinner. All right.
Looks great.
You know what? Hayden's gotta have
a bottle of something
that's gonna make this
taste very expensive.
Officials have
warned that anyone found
to be aiding or abetting Burroughs
in his escape
will be arrested and prosecuted to the…
Chopin martini. Dry. three olives. please.
- Thanks.
- Coming up.
…murderer escaped
from Briggs Penitentiary earlier today
and is still considered a danger…
The FBI has not yet
made an official statement.
but the search remains ongoing.
Those with information on Burroughs
are encouraged to contact
their local police department.
Authorities are calling this
an all-hands-on-deck situation…
Hey.
We're gonna find him.
Together.
♪ I watched you… ♪
Philip. what the hell's going on?
Call me back.
♪ Into a fly ♪
♪ I looked away ♪
♪ You were on fire ♪
Yeah.
I'm almost done here.
Yes. I understand.
It's being taken care of.
♪ I took you home ♪
♪ Then I laughed ♪
♪ I watched a change ♪
♪ In you ♪
♪ It's like you never♪
♪ Had wings ♪
♪ Ah. ah. ah ♪
♪ Ah. ah ♪
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today